Adding Boundary IAM policies in AVM module (#31)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

> ## 2.1.2 (2023-01-11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.2.0 (2023-01-12)
```

> - Adds support of permission boundaries by adding 'workspace_boudary' and 'workload_boundary' iam policies ([#31]https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm/pull/31#pullrequestreview-1243495193

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for permissions boundaries by adding 'workspace_boundary' and 'workload_boundary' IAM policies ([#31]https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm/pull/31#pullrequestreview-1243495193
```

> - Adds support for permissions boundaries by adding 'workspace_boudary' and 'workload_boundary' IAM policies ([#31]https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm/pull/31#pullrequestreview-1243495193

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for permissions boundaries by adding 'workspace_boundary' and 'workload_boundary' IAM policies ([#31]https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-avm/pull/31#pullrequestreview-1243495193
```
